README.md, before:

# Work Products
Our group is working on various topics to provide information to the Vim community. But we try to focus on topics that
haven't been mentioned already a thousand times.

## Key Mappings
We thought it might be a good a idea to provide a complete [list of key mappings](keymappings/keymappings.md) (:h index)
that also shows all free/unused key combinations. Just search for "FREE".

## Solutions
Especially in the world of coding you come across the same problems over and over again. Auto-code-completion, syntax
highlighting, jumping to declaration, just to name a few, and that for many languages. In this chapter we try to list
solutions to solve these issues and many more classics. If existent we list the Vim built-in solutions or solutions that
can be achieved with just some lines of Vim script. We also want to show the small light-weight plugin solutions and the
full-blown feature rich solutions.

We distinguish between [language independent solutions](solutions/_language_independent.md) and solutions that depend on
the used programming language. Pick your language ...

[C](solutions/c.md) | [C++](solutions/c++.md) | [Go](solutions/go.md) | [HTML](solutions/html.md) |
[JavaScript](solutions/javascript.md) | [Lua](solutions/lua.md) | [Perl](solutions/perl.md) |
[Python](solutions/python.md) | [Ruby](solutions/ruby.md) | [Rust](solutions/rust.md)

... or help us to add more language specific solutions. Here is the [template file](solutions/_template.md).

## Link Collection
A good and maintained [link collection](linkcollection/linkcollection.md) shouldn't be missing. But don't worry, we do
not list every site that provides a small Vim tutorial.

Commit message:

Added files for langserver tutorials

README.md, after:

# Work Products
Our group is working on various topics to provide information to the Vim community. But we try to focus on topics that
haven't been mentioned already a thousand times.

## Key Mappings
We thought it might be a good a idea to provide a complete [list of key mappings](keymappings/keymappings.md) (:h index)
that also shows all free/unused key combinations. Just search for "FREE".

## Solutions
Especially in the world of coding you come across the same problems over and over again. Auto-code-completion, syntax
highlighting, jumping to declaration, just to name a few, and that for many languages. In this chapter we try to list
solutions to solve these issues and many more classics. If existent we list the Vim built-in solutions or solutions that
can be achieved with just some lines of Vim script. We also want to show the small light-weight plugin solutions and the
full-blown feature rich solutions.

We distinguish between [language independent solutions](solutions/_language_independent.md) and solutions that depend on
the used programming language. Pick your language ...

[C](solutions/c.md) | [C++](solutions/c++.md) | [Go](solutions/go.md) | [HTML](solutions/html.md) |
[JavaScript](solutions/javascript.md) | [Lua](solutions/lua.md) | [Perl](solutions/perl.md) |
[Python](solutions/python.md) | [Ruby](solutions/ruby.md) | [Rust](solutions/rust.md)

... or help us to add more language specific solutions. Here is the [template file](solutions/_template.md).

For [langserver](https://langserver.org) we have [dedicated tutorials](solutions/langserver.md) in which we cover the
installation, configuration and usage. There are already some langserver plugins availabe, but we will talk about the
probably most used [CoC](solutions/coc.md) plugin first. Maybe we can cover more when this chapter is finished.

## Link Collection
A good and maintained [link collection](linkcollection/linkcollection.md) shouldn't be missing. But don't worry, we do
not list every site that provides a small Vim tutorial.
